FAQ.md, before:

## FAQ

#### What metrics are exposed by metrics server?

Metrics server collects resource usage metrics needed for autoscaling: CPU & Memory.
Metric values use standard kubernetes units (`m`, `Ki`), same as those used to
define pod requests and limits (Read more [Meaning of CPU], [Meaning of memory])
Metrics server itself is not responsible for calculating metric values, this is done by Kubelet.

#### Why CPU value reported by Metrics Server differ from Prometheus/docker stats/top etc.?

Metrics Server reports CPU value optimized for horizonal scaling of pods.
CPU is reported as the 15 seconds average usage.

#### Why memory value reported by Metrics Server differ from Prometheus/docker stats/top etc.?

Metrics Server reports memory value optimized for vertical autoscaling of pods.
Memory is reported as the working set, at the instant the metric was collected.
In an ideal world, the "working set" is the amount of memory in-use that cannot be freed under memory pressure.
However, calculation of the working set varies by host OS, and generally makes heavy use of heuristics to produce an estimate.
It includes all anonymous (non-file-backed) memory since Kubernetes does not support swap.
The metric typically also includes some cached (file-backed) memory, because the host OS cannot always reclaim such pages.

#### How metrics server calculates metrics?

Metrics Server itself doesn't calculate any metrics, it aggragetes values exposed by Kubelets so they are available in
API that can by used for autoscaling. For any problem with metric values please contact SIG-Node.

#### When metrics server is released?

There is no hard release schedule. Release is done after important feature is implemented or upon request.

#### Can I run two instances of metrics-server?

Yes, but it will not provide any benefits. Both instances will scrape all nodes to collect metrics, but only one instance will be actively serving metrics API.

#### How to run metrics-server securely?

Suggested configuration:
* Cluster with [RBAC] enabled
* Kubelet [read-only port] port disabled
* Validate kubelet certificate by mounting CA file and providing `--kubelet-certificate-authority` flag to metrics server
* Avoid passing insecure flags to metrics server (`--deprecated-kubelet-completely-insecure`, `--kubelet-insecure-tls`)
* Consider using your own certificates (`--tls-cert-file`, `--tls-private-key-file`)

#### How to run metric-server on different architecture?

Starting from `v0.3.7` docker image `k8s.gcr.io/metrics-server/metrics-server` should support multiple architectures via Manifests List.
List of supported architectures: `amd64`, `arm`, `arm64`, `ppc64le`, `s390x`.

#### What Kubernetes versions are supported?

Metrics server is tested against last 3 Kubernetes versions.

#### How resource utilization is calculated?

Metrics server doesn't provide resource utilization metric (e.g. percent of CPU used).
Kubectl top and HPA calculate those values by themselves based on pod resource requests or node capacity.

#### How to autoscale Metrics Server?

Metrics server scales linearly vertically to number of nodes and pods in cluster. This can be automated using [addon-resizer].

#### Can I get other metrics beside CPU/Memory using Metrics Server?

No, metrics server was designed to provide metrics used for autoscaling.

#### What requests and limits I should set for metrics server?

Metrics server scales linearly if number of nodes and pods in cluster. For pod density of 30 pods per node:

* CPU: 40mCore base + 0.5 mCore per node
* Memory: 40MiB base + 4 MiB per node

For higher pod density you should be able to scale resources proportionally.
We are not recommending setting CPU limits as metrics server needs more compute to generate certificates at bootstrap.

#### How big clusters are supported?

Metrics Server was tested to run within clusters up to 5000 nodes with average pod density of 30 pods per node.

#### How often metrics are scraped?

Default 60 seconds, can be changed using `metrics-resolution` flag. We are not recommending setting values below 15s, as this is the resolution of metrics calculated within Kubelet.

[Meaning of CPU]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#meaning-of-cpu
[Meaning of memory]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#meaning-of-memory
[RBAC]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/
[read-only port]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet/#options
[addon-resizer]: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/addon-resizer

Commit message:

Create TOC for KNOWN_ISSUES.md and FAQ.md
This commit adds a table of contents to the KNOW_ISSUES and the FAQ.
In addition to that, it automates the verification and update of these
TOCs via the verify-toc and update-toc Makefile rules. These new rules
have been added to the verify and update rules, meaning that verify-toc
is now part of the presubmit tests.

Signed-off-by: Damien Grisonnet <dgrisonn@redhat.com>

FAQ.md, after:

## FAQ

## Table of Contents

<!-- toc -->
- [What metrics are exposed by metrics server?](#what-metrics-are-exposed-by-metrics-server)
- [Why CPU value reported by Metrics Server differ from Prometheus/docker stats/top etc.?](#why-cpu-value-reported-by-metrics-server-differ-from-prometheusdocker-statstop-etc)
- [Why memory value reported by Metrics Server differ from Prometheus/docker stats/top etc.?](#why-memory-value-reported-by-metrics-server-differ-from-prometheusdocker-statstop-etc)
- [How metrics server calculates metrics?](#how-metrics-server-calculates-metrics)
- [When metrics server is released?](#when-metrics-server-is-released)
- [Can I run two instances of metrics-server?](#can-i-run-two-instances-of-metrics-server)
- [How to run metrics-server securely?](#how-to-run-metrics-server-securely)
- [How to run metric-server on different architecture?](#how-to-run-metric-server-on-different-architecture)
- [What Kubernetes versions are supported?](#what-kubernetes-versions-are-supported)
- [How resource utilization is calculated?](#how-resource-utilization-is-calculated)
- [How to autoscale Metrics Server?](#how-to-autoscale-metrics-server)
- [Can I get other metrics beside CPU/Memory using Metrics Server?](#can-i-get-other-metrics-beside-cpumemory-using-metrics-server)
- [What requests and limits I should set for metrics server?](#what-requests-and-limits-i-should-set-for-metrics-server)
- [How big clusters are supported?](#how-big-clusters-are-supported)
- [How often metrics are scraped?](#how-often-metrics-are-scraped)
<!-- /toc -->

#### What metrics are exposed by metrics server?

Metrics server collects resource usage metrics needed for autoscaling: CPU & Memory.
Metric values use standard kubernetes units (`m`, `Ki`), same as those used to
define pod requests and limits (Read more [Meaning of CPU], [Meaning of memory])
Metrics server itself is not responsible for calculating metric values, this is done by Kubelet.

#### Why CPU value reported by Metrics Server differ from Prometheus/docker stats/top etc.?

Metrics Server reports CPU value optimized for horizonal scaling of pods.
CPU is reported as the 15 seconds average usage.

#### Why memory value reported by Metrics Server differ from Prometheus/docker stats/top etc.?

Metrics Server reports memory value optimized for vertical autoscaling of pods.
Memory is reported as the working set, at the instant the metric was collected.
In an ideal world, the "working set" is the amount of memory in-use that cannot be freed under memory pressure.
However, calculation of the working set varies by host OS, and generally makes heavy use of heuristics to produce an estimate.
It includes all anonymous (non-file-backed) memory since Kubernetes does not support swap.
The metric typically also includes some cached (file-backed) memory, because the host OS cannot always reclaim such pages.

#### How metrics server calculates metrics?

Metrics Server itself doesn't calculate any metrics, it aggragetes values exposed by Kubelets so they are available in
API that can by used for autoscaling. For any problem with metric values please contact SIG-Node.

#### When metrics server is released?

There is no hard release schedule. Release is done after important feature is implemented or upon request.

#### Can I run two instances of metrics-server?

Yes, but it will not provide any benefits. Both instances will scrape all nodes to collect metrics, but only one instance will be actively serving metrics API.

#### How to run metrics-server securely?

Suggested configuration:
* Cluster with [RBAC] enabled
* Kubelet [read-only port] port disabled
* Validate kubelet certificate by mounting CA file and providing `--kubelet-certificate-authority` flag to metrics server
* Avoid passing insecure flags to metrics server (`--deprecated-kubelet-completely-insecure`, `--kubelet-insecure-tls`)
* Consider using your own certificates (`--tls-cert-file`, `--tls-private-key-file`)

#### How to run metric-server on different architecture?

Starting from `v0.3.7` docker image `k8s.gcr.io/metrics-server/metrics-server` should support multiple architectures via Manifests List.
List of supported architectures: `amd64`, `arm`, `arm64`, `ppc64le`, `s390x`.

#### What Kubernetes versions are supported?

Metrics server is tested against last 3 Kubernetes versions.

#### How resource utilization is calculated?

Metrics server doesn't provide resource utilization metric (e.g. percent of CPU used).
Kubectl top and HPA calculate those values by themselves based on pod resource requests or node capacity.

#### How to autoscale Metrics Server?

Metrics server scales linearly vertically to number of nodes and pods in cluster. This can be automated using [addon-resizer].

#### Can I get other metrics beside CPU/Memory using Metrics Server?

No, metrics server was designed to provide metrics used for autoscaling.

#### What requests and limits I should set for metrics server?

Metrics server scales linearly if number of nodes and pods in cluster. For pod density of 30 pods per node:

* CPU: 40mCore base + 0.5 mCore per node
* Memory: 40MiB base + 4 MiB per node

For higher pod density you should be able to scale resources proportionally.
We are not recommending setting CPU limits as metrics server needs more compute to generate certificates at bootstrap.

#### How big clusters are supported?

Metrics Server was tested to run within clusters up to 5000 nodes with average pod density of 30 pods per node.

#### How often metrics are scraped?

Default 60 seconds, can be changed using `metrics-resolution` flag. We are not recommending setting values below 15s, as this is the resolution of metrics calculated within Kubelet.

[Meaning of CPU]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#meaning-of-cpu
[Meaning of memory]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/#meaning-of-memory
[RBAC]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/
[read-only port]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet/#options
[addon-resizer]: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/addon-resizer
